= The MadMimi Ruby Gem

A Ruby wrapper for the MadMimi API. Deliver emails and manage your MadMimi audience.

== Installation

  gem install mad_mimi

== Documentation

  http://rdoc.info/gems/mad_mimi

== Usage Examples

  require "rubygems"
  require "mad_mimi"

  # Sets the MadMimi configuration options. Best used by passing a block.
  MadMimi.configure do |config|
    config.username = "YourMadMimiEmailAddress"
    config.api_key  = "YourMadMimiApiKey"
  end

  # Sending transactional email
  MadMimi.mailer.mail({ :promotion_name => "Welcome", :recipients => "Ozéias Sant'Ana <oz.santana@gmail.com>" })

  # Performs an audience search and returns the up to the first 100 results.
  MadMimi.audience.search

  # Get Audience Members
  MadMimi.audience.members

  # Get all Audience Lists
  MadMimi.audience.lists

  # Add Audience List Membership
  MadMimi.audience.add_to_list('Clients', {:first_name => 'Ozéias', :last_name => 'Santana', :email => 'oz.santana@gmail.com'})

  # Remove Audience List Membership
  MadMimi.audience.remove_from_list('Clients', 'oz.santana@gmail.com')

  # Suppress an Audience Member
  MadMimi.audience.suppress('oz.santana@gmail.com')

== Contributing

In the spirit of {free software}[http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html], *everyone* is encouraged to help improve this project.

Here are some ways you can contribute:

* by using alpha, beta, and prerelease versions
* by reporting bugs
* by suggesting new features
* by writing or editing documentation
* by writing specifications
* by writing code (no patch is too small: fix typos, add comments, clean up inconsistent whitespace)
* by refactoring code
* by closing {issues}[https://github.com/ozeias/mad_mimi/issues]
* by reviewing patches

== Submitting an Issue

We use the {GitHub issue tracker}[https://github.com/ozeias/mad_mimi/issues] to track bugs and
features. Before submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't already
been submitted. You can indicate support for an existing issuse by voting it up. When submitting a
bug report, please include a {Gist}[http://gist.github.com/] that includes a stack trace and any
details that may be necessary to reproduce the bug, including your gem version, Ruby version, and
operating system. Ideally, a bug report should include a pull request with failing specs.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ozéias Sant'ana. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.